
## correspondence

### 2019-04-26

**RL** D4 presentation notes.

If ggsave doesn’t work, try png() function followed by dev.off()

vertical bands that might explain te drop in life exp., e.g., WW1, WW2,
policy changes such as the start of medicare/medicaid, the start of
social security, tobacco advertising banned

compared to what? other industrialized countries?

facet on sex?

facet on income bracket might be informative? or income inequality?

### 2019-04-19

**RL** D3 presentation notes

No graph today :(.

Data carpentry issues. Please try and see me during office hours so we
can fix these issues early. Also, please work on the tutorials to get
the practice you need.

### 2019-04-05

**RL** D2 presentation notes.

Change Race to Race/Ethnicity

Change arrests to arrests as percent of that population in the
incorporated area

Factor recode race/ethnicity factor to lump together small related
levels, e.g., East Asian, Pacific Islander, etc.

Also, the forcats package has a function for recoding “everything else”
into a single category. (see the text)

### 2019-03-29

**RL** D1 presentation notes.

The introduction you gave us verbally is the basis for a written
introduction in the report.

Order the departments by the median of the salaries. The number of
employees for each department could be added as a bar chart to the right
of the graph.

Us the cut() to bin the all salary data, y-axis is the range, three box
plots per range. Use the number of employees in each group as the x
axis.

### 2019-03-25

**RL** The links on the README page all work. No problems so far.

I don’t see any data. I would have hoped that by now you would have been
examining some data for graphing, even if a graph wasn’t ready. I can’t
emphasize enough how important it is that you work ahead on acquiring
data that meets the data requirements for the various displays. This is
the single most important obstacle that has kept past students from
being as successful as they might have been.

### 2019-03-10

**RL** I’ve revised the prompts for the week 2 reading. Please update
your reading response file. Remember to complete your responses in
writing before class on Tuesday.
<https://github.com/DSR-RHIT/me447-visualizing-data/blob/master/reports/reading-prompts-1.Rmd>

**RL** This is an example of a second comment in reverse chronological
order.

**RD** And its response.

### 2019-02-10

**RL** I will use this Rmd file for corresponding with you about your
portfolio. Entries will be dated and listed in reverse chronological
order–that is, with the most recent at the top of the page. You should
record your responses directly below, for example:

**RD** This is a sample response to the comment above.
